hey guys selenium X and today we're
going to do review of the shat VAE
identity fog food versus the regular fog
fluid now these are Chevy 1300 foggers
both the same units the same heating
elements in them they're exactly the
same machines the same same ma bran fog
but the difference is we're gonna use
this one on the right we're going to
have original fog fluid then I'm left
we're going to be using high density
today we're going to compare the two fog
clouds that they make you got I'm gonna
set you guys back down just remember
that high densities on the left and our
original is on the right so I guess you
centered right here you guys just watch
the clouds so high densities on the
right I mean left high densities on the
left and originals on the right ready
guys 1 2 3
that's one big burst now it's quite
obvious that the high-density is more
dense coming out of the machine than the
original with the both makes the same
amount of volume maybe the original is
just a little bit less of volume but
high-density definitely is more dense
and thicker of fog cloud cover than the
original as well suit again sick with
the high-density on the left is much
thicker in the cloud so it's quite
obvious that even in the cloud cover you
see a little bit on the left is and over
there is our high dense can you even see
great much high-density quits a much
thicker of a cloud cover than the
original this is a Len BMX guys thanks
for watching